README.md, before:

# Kunpeng
Welcome to Kunpeng compute community.

## Project List

| Project | Description | Liaison | Mail |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [Kunpeng](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Kunpeng) | The community repo for Kunpeng compute | @Yikun | yikunkero@gmail.com |
| [Kunpeng Blog](kunpengcompute.github.io) | The tech blog for Kunpeng compute | @Yikun | yikunkero@gmail.com |
| [rpmbuild](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/rpmbuild) | The openEuler rpm build dockerfile | @Yikun | yikunkero@gmail.com |
| [hyperscan](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hyperscan) | aarch64 branch for high-performance regular expression matching library | @TaiQilong | - |
| [KAE](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/KAE) | High-performance hardware acceleration algorithm library of OpenSSL Engine based on Kunpeng processor | @mystery-nobody | - |
| [KAEdriver](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/KAEdriver) | The driver of Kunpeng Accelerator Engine (KAE). | @mystery-nobody | - |
| [KAEzip](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/KAEzip) | A high-performance hardware accelerator for compression/uncompression algorithm library of zlib based on Kunpeng processor | @mystery-nobody | - |
| [gzip](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/gzip) | The GNU Gzip with Kunpeng optimization. | @derekpush | - |
| [AvxToNeon](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/AvxToNeon) | Simplify Avx to ARM Neon porting | @gd321 | - |
| [Snappy](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Snappy) | A fast compressor/decompressor with Kunpeng optimization. | @derekpush | - |
| [hive-apache-ci](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hive-apache-ci) | The source code of Apache Hive CI | @zhengzhenyu | zhengzhenyulixi@gmail.com |
| [kunpeng-mpam](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/kunpeng-mpam) | - | - |
| [hucx](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hucx) | - | - |
| [hmpi](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hmpi) | - | - |
| [HW265](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/HW265) | - | - |
| [kunpengacclibdict](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/kunpengacclibdict) | - | - |
| [ovs](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/ovs) | - | - |
| [dpdk](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/ovs) | - | - |
| [mysql-server](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/mysql-server) | - | - |
| [Spark-graph-algo-lib](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Spark-graph-algo-lib) | Then open source code of KAL graph |@XiaoqiMa | xiaoqima2013@gmail.com |
| [Spark-ml-algo-lib](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Spark-ml-algo-lib) | The open source code of KAL machine learning | @Jutao-liu | 728972687@qq.com |
| [hadoop-fs-ceph](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hadoop-fs-ceph) | Using Ceph instead of HDFS as the storage system of Hadoop | @MacChen02 | chenqiang2080@163.com |

## Contact
If you have questions or comments, we encourage you to create an issue on Github. If you wish to contact the Kunpeng compute team directly, you can also send email to kunpengcompute@huawei.com.

Join the [ARM Server Ecosystem slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/armserverecosystem/shared_invite/enQtOTE0MDMxOTc0MTY0LTBiMTdkZWFhMjZmYzI2ZWVmYWUxMTU1YTcxY2NlZWViOGM5YTY4YzkwZDU3M2ZiZWUxMDQzMmU0NGY5YmFiYWY) to discuss all things related to ARM servers with experts all over the world.

Commit message:

add Openvswitch and DPDK Repository
add Openvswitch and DPDK Repository for  the acceleration of Openvswitch datapath with Kunpeng optimization

README.md, after:

# Kunpeng
Welcome to Kunpeng compute community.

## Project List

| Project | Description | Liaison | Mail |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| [Kunpeng](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Kunpeng) | The community repo for Kunpeng compute | @Yikun | yikunkero@gmail.com |
| [Kunpeng Blog](kunpengcompute.github.io) | The tech blog for Kunpeng compute | @Yikun | yikunkero@gmail.com |
| [rpmbuild](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/rpmbuild) | The openEuler rpm build dockerfile | @Yikun | yikunkero@gmail.com |
| [hyperscan](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hyperscan) | aarch64 branch for high-performance regular expression matching library | @TaiQilong | - |
| [KAE](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/KAE) | High-performance hardware acceleration algorithm library of OpenSSL Engine based on Kunpeng processor | @mystery-nobody | - |
| [KAEdriver](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/KAEdriver) | The driver of Kunpeng Accelerator Engine (KAE). | @mystery-nobody | - |
| [KAEzip](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/KAEzip) | A high-performance hardware accelerator for compression/uncompression algorithm library of zlib based on Kunpeng processor | @mystery-nobody | - |
| [gzip](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/gzip) | The GNU Gzip with Kunpeng optimization. | @derekpush | - |
| [AvxToNeon](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/AvxToNeon) | Simplify Avx to ARM Neon porting | @gd321 | - |
| [Snappy](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Snappy) | A fast compressor/decompressor with Kunpeng optimization. | @derekpush | - |
| [hive-apache-ci](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hive-apache-ci) | The source code of Apache Hive CI | @zhengzhenyu | zhengzhenyulixi@gmail.com |
| [kunpeng-mpam](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/kunpeng-mpam) | - | - |
| [hucx](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hucx) | - | - |
| [hmpi](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hmpi) | - | - |
| [HW265](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/HW265) | - | - |
| [kunpengacclibdict](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/kunpengacclibdict) | - | - |
| [ovs](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/ovs) | The acceleration of Openvswitch datapath with Kunpeng optimization | @jizhoyou | liujizhou@126.com|
| [dpdk](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/ovs) | The open source of Data Plane Development Kit  | @jizhoyou | liujizhou@126.com|
| [mysql-server](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/mysql-server) | - | - |
| [Spark-graph-algo-lib](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Spark-graph-algo-lib) | Then open source code of KAL graph |@XiaoqiMa | xiaoqima2013@gmail.com |
| [Spark-ml-algo-lib](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/Spark-ml-algo-lib) | The open source code of KAL machine learning | @Jutao-liu | 728972687@qq.com |
| [hadoop-fs-ceph](https://github.com/kunpengcompute/hadoop-fs-ceph) | Using Ceph instead of HDFS as the storage system of Hadoop | @MacChen02 | chenqiang2080@163.com |

## Contact
If you have questions or comments, we encourage you to create an issue on Github. If you wish to contact the Kunpeng compute team directly, you can also send email to kunpengcompute@huawei.com.

Join the [ARM Server Ecosystem slack channel](https://join.slack.com/t/armserverecosystem/shared_invite/enQtOTE0MDMxOTc0MTY0LTBiMTdkZWFhMjZmYzI2ZWVmYWUxMTU1YTcxY2NlZWViOGM5YTY4YzkwZDU3M2ZiZWUxMDQzMmU0NGY5YmFiYWY) to discuss all things related to ARM servers with experts all over the world.
